h1. Tumblefile

An automatic, chronological file organizer for GNOME Linux.

Every five minutes Tumblefile copies all files on your Desktop to a folder such as ~/Documents/2009-07-July/25-Saturday, prepending a timestamp (like 20090727.1645) to the filename. Meanwhile its little window sits in the system tray. It is a way to automatically keep your Desktop cleared and files organized.

Kudos for the original idea goes to Luke Crawford's "drefile for OS X":http://tlvx.net/post/130689108/drefile-an-automatic-chronological-file.

h2. Installation

Download "the latest tarball":http://github.com/markoa/tumblefile/downloads, then compile it:

<pre><code>  # On Debian-based systems:
  sudo apt-get install libgtkmm-2.4-dev

  tar -xzvf tumblefile-x.y.tar.gz
  ./configure
  make
  sudo make install</code></pre>

h2. How to use

To launch Tumblefile automatically on desktop startup, do the following. From the GNOME menu, go to System > Preferences > Startup Applications. Click Add and enter 'Tumblefile' as name and '/usr/local/bin/tumblefile -m' as command<sup><a href="#fn1">1</a></sup>.

Tumblefile also works from command line. From terminal, you can type

<pre><code>  $ tumblefile /path/to/file1 /path/to/file2</code></pre>

and it will move the files in the usual way.

<small>fn1. This is the default installation path, those who modified the prefix at configure time should change it accordingly.</small>

h2. License

GPL 3 - see COPYING for details.

h2. Author

Written in the summer of 2009 by "Marko Anastasov":http://www.marko.anastasov.name.
